he waves a small white flag at them but
the White Flag doesn't prevent soldiers
from opening fire on
him an Israeli bulldozer arrives on the
scene and here we see the body of the
first man on the
ground in a final indignity the giant
bulldozer shovels the two bodies and
buries them in sand and
litter
the Israeli soldiers attempt to conceal
the
executions the whereabouts of a group of
Palestinian Witnesses is
unknown Hammer says in any ceasefire
agreement the right of Palestinians to
return to their homes safely without
being shot at by Israeli troops must be
included
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer